# Translation guide
To translate the documentation, you need to create a new folder in the `i18n` folder with the name of the language you want to translate to. For example, if you want to translate to Spanish, you need to create a folder called `es` in the `i18n` folder. Then, you need to copy the `en` folder to the `es` folder. After that, you need to translate the files in the `es` folder. You can use the [Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/) website to translate the files. After you have translated the files, you need to create a pull request to the `master` branch. If you want to translate to a language that is not listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a new issue and ask to add the language to the list. If you want to translate to a language that is already listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a pull request to the `master` branch. If you want to translate to a language that is not listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a new issue and ask to add the language to the list. If you want to translate to a language that is already listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a pull request to the `master` branch. If you want to translate to a language that is not listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a new issue and ask to add the language to the list. If you want to translate to a language that is already listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a pull request to the `master` branch. If you want to translate to a language that is not listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a new issue and ask to add the language to the list. If you want to translate to a language that is already listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a pull request to the `master` branch. If you want to translate to a language that is not listed in the [Supported Languages](#supported-languages) section, you need to create a new issue and ask to add the language to the list. If you